Our tests are all complete, so let's go ahead and build out the actual show handler.
Inside my roots directory, I'll make a new file of showcase.
We're then going to add in everything required inside of here to actually build out our route handler.
So I'm going to import Express.
And the request type and the response type.
From Express.
Without a doubt, I'm going to need to be able to access my ticket collection inside the database.
So I'm also going to get my ticket model from up one directory models ticket.
I'll then build up my router with the express router.
I'll then set up the route handler itself.
So rootkit we want to watch for get requests to API tickets and then the ID of the ticket we're looking
for.
We are going to be making a request to our database from inside this thing.
So it's definitely going to be an async route handler.
Well then add in my req as request, Andrés as response.
And then finally, just because we know we have to do it, let's export this thing right away and wired
up to our app.
So at the very bottom I'll put in and export.
Router as show ticket router.
I'll then go back over to my apts file.
I'll add an import statement for that router.
From Roots show.
And then again we'll wired that up to our app.
So app use show ticket router.
All right.
I'm going to save this now after we save all this stuff.
Our tests are going to rerun, and you're probably going to see your tests hanging.
The reason for that is that we've now got a route handler to receive these incoming requests to the
show route, but we're not actually responding in any way.
Eventually, the test is going to time out.
I believe the default with just is about 20 or 30 seconds.
So actually if we flip back over after some amount of time, it will tell us it looks like my default
is actually 5 seconds in this case.
It's after 5 seconds.
It naturally times out and both the test fail.
Okay.
Let's put together some implementation.
We're going to first try to focus on getting this one right here to pass.
So I want to make sure that if we cannot find the ticket, let's return a 404 right away.
Inside the rent handler.
All we have to do is use the ticket model to look into our collection and find the ID that was mentioned
in that URL.
So we'll say Colin's ticket is a weight ticket defined by ID.
And we're going to execute this query with rec grams id so rect params id.
That is the id that we captured out of the URL.
Find my ID.
Is a query helper built directly into our model?
As you'd guess.
It's just going to try to find a particular record.
Coming out of this query, we're going to get either our ticket document or if nothing was found, it
will instead be equal to null.
So now we can take a look at ticket and if it is equal to null, or essentially if it's not defined,
then we definitely want to return a status code of 404 to the user.
So let's handle that first.
We'll say if not ticket.
Then we need to return the status code so naturally we could do that return resend status, blah blah,
all that stuff.
But remember, we've got that fancy, fancy, fancy air handling system already put together.
If we think back to our common module inside of our ears directory, we had put together that custom
air of not found air, and that thing was really built specifically to handle the case we're in right
now, the case in which we make a request and try to find something that just does not exist.
So if we do not find a ticket, what we should really be doing is throwing a not found air.
To do so.
Let's import not found air from our common module.
And inside of here throw.
New not found.
There.
Then if the ticket is found, let's send it back in the response.
So after the if statement, we can do a resend ticket.
Whenever we leave off a status code, it will default to 200.
And so that 200 will be.
Successfully caught by that expectation right there.
All right.
So now I'm going to save this file and we're going to check our test output.
And I want you to know that we're going to see an error.
Something's going to be failing erroneously.
And the reason for this is, well, we're going to take a look at it.
It's an error that I wanted you to see on your own, just to see that even though, yeah, we can write
tests, sometimes they don't quite work as expected and sometimes they actually help us catch some issues
that we would have not really found if we were just testing this inside the browser.
Okay, let's save this thing to flip back over.
That's a running.
And it looks like our test to successfully create the ticket and then fetch it worked.
That one passed.
So the good case this longer one right here, that thing passed, but this one failed.
The one we were checking to make sure we got a 404.
So we get a message here.
We expect it to get a44 status, but instead we got back a 400.
Hmm.
That is definitely unexpected.
So we're going to have to do a little bit of troubleshooting, a little bit of debugging to figure out
why this is happening.